itemGroup.arccore=Arc Core

tile.Log.bacon.name=Bacon Wood
item.Emerald Encrusted Bacon.name=Emerald Encrusted Bacon
item.Bacon Root.name=Bacon Root
item.Bacon Beer.name=Bacon Beer
item.Raw Bacon.name=Raw Bacon
item.Cooked Bacon.name=Cooked Bacon
tile.Leaf.Bacon.name=Emerald Leaf
tile.Sapling.Bacon.name=Bacon Sapling

tile.ArcCoreLampOff.name=Arc Core Lamp
tile.ArcCoreLampOn.name=Arc Core Lamp

tile.PalladiumOre.name=Palladium Ore
tile.CrystalOre.name=Crystal Ore
tile.AscendedOre.name=Ore of the Ascended

tile.NihilBlock.name=Nihil Block

tile.ArcCoreInfuserIdle.name=Arc Core Infuser
tile.ArcCoreInfuserActive.name=Arc Core Infuser

tile.ArcCoreFurnaceIdle.name=Arc Core Furnace
tile.ArcCoreFurnaceActive.name=Arc Core Furnace

item.BaconHelm.name=Emerald Encrusted Bacon Helmet
item.BaconChest.name=Emerald Encrusted Bacon Chestpalte
item.BaconLegs.name=Emerald Encrusted Bacon Leggings
item.BaconBoots.name=Emerald Encrusted Bacon Boots

item.ArclightHelm.name=Arclight Helmet
item.ArclightChest.name=Arclight Chestplate
item.ArclightLegs.name=Arclight Leggings
item.ArclightBoots.name=Arclight Boots

item.AbyssalHelm.name=Abyssal Helm
item.AbyssalChest.name=Abyssal Chestplate
item.AbyssalLegs.name=Abyssal Leggings
item.AbyssalBoots.name=Abyssal Boots

item.NihilHelm.name=Futile Helmet
item.NihilChest.name=Futile Chestplate
item.NihilLegs.name=Futile Leggings
item.NihilBoots.name=Futile Boots

item.AscendedHelm.name=Helmet of the Ascended
item.AscendedChest.name=Chestplate of the Ascended
item.AscendedLegs.name=Leggings of the Ascended
item.AscendedBoots.name=Boots of the Ascended

item.BaconSword.name=Bacon Sword
item.BaconPick.name=Bacon Pickaxe
item.BaconAxe.name=Bacon Axe
item.BaconShovel.name=Bacon Shovel
item.BaconHoe.name=Bacon Hoe

item.ArclightSword.name=Arclight Sword
item.ArclightPick.name=Arclight Pickaxe
item.ArclightAxe.name=Arclight Axe
item.ArclightShovel.name=Arclight Shovel
item.ArclightHoe.name=Arclight Hoe

item.AbyssalSword.name=Abyssal Sword
item.AbyssalPick.name=Abyssal Pickaxe
item.AbyssalAxe.name=Abyssal Axe
item.AbyssalShovel.name=Abyssal Shovel
item.AbyssalHoe.name=Abyssal Hoe

item.AscendedSword.name=Sword of the Ascended
item.AscendedPick.name=Pickaxe of the Ascended
item.AscendedAxe.name=Axe of the Ascended
item.AscendedShovel.name=Shovel of the Ascended
item.AscendedHoe.name=Hoe of the Ascended

item.NihilSword.name=Futile Sword
item.NihilPick.name=Futile Pickaxe
item.NihilAxe.name=Futile Axe
item.NihilShovel.name=Futile Shovel
item.NihilHoe.name=Futile Hoe

item.ArcCore.name=Arc Core
item.ArclightIngot.name=Arclight Ingot
item.protoArcCore.name=Prototype Arc Core
item.WaterTalisman.name=Water Talisman
item.ArcDiamond.name=Arc Diamond

item.CalciumAcetate.name=Calcium Acetate
item.FuelGel.name=Fuel Gel
item.SurvivalistFuelGel.name=Survivalist's Fuel Gel
item.OrganicFuelGel.name=Organic Fuel Gel
item.AscendedIngot.name=Ingot of the Ascended